Dear friends, this question
relates to the issue of marrying someone from abroad,
marrying someone from a foreign country, and becoming a daughter-in-law in a foreign land.  Ah,
Yen would like to read the question from you, Lich Hong
Bui.
Madam, life is truly terrifying.
I got married when I was
too young and immature.
My daughter married someone from a distant land, and she lived in
tears as a daughter-in-law in a foreign country.  But nobody
understands me; everyone in Vietnam just
blames me and pressures me about
money.
My child is only one month old and I have
n't been able to go back to work yet.  I really don't have any
money.
Now I don't know what to do.  Excuse me, ma'am, could you give me some
advice?  Honestly, when
I married a foreigner
without love,
my purpose was simply to get there
for financial reasons.  And my loved ones are
always waiting for me.  Economically.
Few people still think about whether they are
happy or whether they have money.
If they had that kind of love, she
was sure her parents wouldn't
let her marry someone from her hometown,
wouldn't let her marry a foreigner,
wouldn't let her become a daughter-in-law in a foreign land.  A
young woman has many things to confide in;
when she gets married, she experiences much sadness and
desperately needs her loved ones to share her burdens with.
Because the mother herself had been
married before.  When getting married, it's also very important to have the support and understanding
of parents and
siblings.  Sometimes these things can't be
discussed with the husband's family or
with the husband himself.
If I had thought about loving my children, my siblings, and
my relatives, I wouldn't have
let myself marry someone from a distant land like this.  The
way to resolve this is for you to have an
honest conversation with your family,
sharing your financial situation
and
your feelings towards them, so that
you can build a new relationship and change
the old one
.  My old relationship with my
family was always about
economic matters,
about money.  When their
family faces difficulties and needs money, they
immediately think of calling me, but
instead, they fail to build a
new relationship based on
human kindness.  They focus on whether the child is sick,
healthy, or happy,
completely forgetting about the relationship itself and instead focusing on
the relationship based on money.  This
is something Yen has also been looking forward to.
Young people of today's generation
should not
run away
from the present.  That means I
don't have any money right now, so I have to go over
there to find some.  Meanwhile, on the other side,
we haven't really grasped
anything, we don't know what it will be like, which causes
us a lot of suffering.
My life cannot be bought
with money; it must be about happiness.
What happens to people when they have a lot of money?
Does money truly bring happiness?
If you live far away, you ca
n't experience the warmth of
family.  If every time my family calls, I
only call them about money, then gradually I will
lose the affection I have for my family.
My family is no longer a source of emotional support for
me.  So, I'm going to marry someone from
abroad, someone from a distant land.  If we don't
think carefully, we will lose the
affection we have for our loved ones, and we will
lose the affection our loved ones have
for us.  They don't care about me,
they only care about money, and I no longer
have feelings for them, yet I'm always
afraid when they call me.  When my parents
call, I get scared too.  When
my relatives called, I was scared too.  In other words, if
you lose your feelings,
even if you have a lot of money, if you
lose those feelings, your life will still be miserable.
And when I have little money, I lose
affection, but it turns into
frustration, annoyance, discomfort, and sometimes even
hatred towards my loved ones.  Simply because
the relationship between them has shifted from a close,
emotional one to a
financial one.  These are things
that you should think very deeply and thoroughly about if you intend to marry a local man for
money, or a foreigner for money.
We may
live in poverty, but at least we
still have the bonds of kinship.
We may live in a little poverty,
but if we have encouragement from
loved ones and strong emotional bonds with
our family and siblings, things will be
much better.  In your case,
you should tell your family the whole truth,
like you confided in her and said that
you're wholeheartedly devoted to your family, but you also have to
focus on your own life.  I won't wait
until I'm rich to give to my parents or
send money home; I'll just live comfortably
enough.  Trying to save money to send
back to family.  But I hope everyone
will send me their love.
Regarding the money aspect, I'd prefer to leave it to my own
discretion; please don't pressure me too much about
it.  My life is very difficult, and I'm
afraid that money will weigh me down, so I've
become my source of worry.  This is also a
wish for all young people who intend to go
abroad to marry or become a daughter-in-law in a
foreign country.  There are many
such hardships.  Therefore, you must
understand beforehand that these are cause and
effect relationships.  So that the child can understand, and the child
should also listen to Buddhist teachings and sermons more often,
so that the child can understand cause,
condition, and effect.  That's it, because of the karma I sowed in my
previous life, I was destined to be
born into a family where
my relatives treat me in a way that makes
me feel obligated to bring them money.  If you have
money, you have love; if you don't have money, you
don't have love.  That's the destiny that meant I was
born there.  And the price you have to
pay is the suffering in
your heart, the awkwardness in your mind, and the
loss of your loved ones' affection.
That is the cause, the condition, and the resulting suffering.
Therefore, we must learn to cultivate virtue and practice
Buddhism to understand the consequences of our actions and
avoid them.  There are many lifetimes to come where we will not
have to suffer the painful consequences of our actions.
[music]